This is a head-gum original.
We've got Kalimori Arty on the Horn, Alicon, and
Kalimori Arty on the Horn, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon.
Kalimori Arty on the Horn, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon.
Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon.
Alicon, Alicon, Alicon, Alicon.
Alicon, Alicon.
Alicon, Alicon, Alicon.
No, yeah, but the cooking one could be like private jeffery. Yeah, that would be cool. I do I do
Think that I I can I can roast a chicken
You're magic and not my chicken, but like I can roast a chicken. So it's one of those things where I'm like, you know
That is a that's a that's a skill that I have in my pocket, but what am I really using it?
I'm sorry. I'm just imagine I'm imagining like chicken on a day is and everybody making fun of her
Like a roast a comedy central roaster chicken. Oh, it's pretty good. Or it's just like you're eating your cat. Sorry one second
It's you're bullying your cat. Well, you sort of like use a rotisserie. Yeah, but yeah, I know I'm like
You please no
I also would love I guess I myself improvement things. I'd love for my dating life to be going better
But you know, what are you gonna do?
Can't say I'm trying it's a num it's a numbers game and I think hinge and all those apps are
Recreated to make you feel bad about yourself. I don't think they're supposed to make you
Find anybody
It's just awesome for you guys or is he just not moving? No, he was I think he's just having a moment
I don't think the show is going going according to his plan. It's going better than I thought so far
You said you wanted to get real. That's what's real with me
Unsatisfied
Uncut
Are you on field?
That's that it's like the casual sex
But people know they never heard of that. It's a great app. I would say it's the only app worth having
People are very honest about what they're looking for and sometimes that's dating sometimes. It's not
But I find the most intelligent people to be on field
Oh, interesting
Yeah, it is also good get forward if you're not into that, but it's a great app. I mean this earnestly
I received I received and thank you
I saw a mirror on there once
Your bio was just playing the field now and
Seeing what it was all about my bio would be a mirror that lumenge field
So it would be like I'm outing myself. This is my full name have at it
But also kind of a pun a wink and a nod to the name of the app itself
I know but like the the profile seemed like a joke
I don't know if you guys were doing like a bit on if I were you but then all of like the interests were highly sexual
I mean some really gnarly stuff like a cock and ball torture
Hot wax on your eyes
You wanted someone to give you a haircut sexual. I don't know what that means
Like what is it like a favorite one of three? I think it probably means pubic waxing, but I don't think I ever put it there
And I definitely wasn't ever on this app. Oh, I know it was yes. Let me just go to the opposite
Yeah, that was the I came across the account I created for you. Oh
I see
Watching yellow jackets so uh
Fuck you
I loved yellow jackets. I loved it
It's so good
I have one more episode of season one so no spoilers no spoilers in general because everybody should go watch it
But tag yourself without saying any spoilers. Who would you be in the forest you'd be misty
Okay, I haven't seen the show so I'm not really sure about
Misty grows on you
Versus incredible hours over time like he's churning up first and then you realize that he's sort of hollow
Right right
Who you
Who would Ali be at once there?
Ali who did it? I don't I don't remember anyone's names that while I watched it so long ago
Part of me could I would have fun maybe being lobby and and yeah
I've always seen I was wanted to run a call. Oh, yeah
Talk about monetizing a hobby
Yes, right that's really great and that's not even like quantifiable
You know
Currency that's you know social currency spiritual currency which you can't put a number of value on
No totally I've been watching Madman for the first time
Whoa, I have one more episode left. Wow
That's really exciting. Yeah, I mean I get it. I get why people thought it was good
Not I'm liking it. I'm I love the clothes you know
I think more than analyzing like this I do like analyzing the story lines and all that stuff
But I can't believe how put together everybody was
Esthetically every single day for years and years and years. I don't have that in me. Yeah
Well, that's it's a fictional show true true
But I'm like Taylor you're shitting yourself if you think I'm sorry
Well, I think you meant like kidding yourself
That was pretty obvious that I
Guess over the course of this podcast at one point
You might have pooped your pants. I was gonna crawl up quickly for that. I just and I'm my emotional
Band with is running very thin today, so it's gonna be apologizing a lot
Yeah, I get texted me saying that do you know where to get an industrial grade plastic wrap for couches?
I guess it's for the radio
I don't think that anything to do with me
That was probably on Jake was in here before I was in here for the record with Marty. I don't know what they were doing
I was in that zoom and that also felt like a few
Sharding situations happened made meeting I was there too
Something was going on
Jake called me shardy Michael at a certain point and I had it was like kind of an inside joke unrelated
So I now I'm starting to put the pieces together
This is a weird company. This is a very weird company. What about shardy Michael as the episode title?
Because I don't think he listens to this, but I feel like he'd have to if that came across his feet
Shardy ginger vitis
I got yeah, I got an espresso machine
By the way, this is a wax episode
Oh, we have nothing planned. We have nothing. No segments planned. Yeah, we came in here saying we have a good episode planned
That was to keep morale high that was to have you guys kind of spend the first 15 to 20 minutes being like there's more coming
Yeah, is it
All right, I see I thought a wedding over the weekend long weekend short week
I started a gig
You're blowing all day
All talk
One rapid fire lightning rounds. Thank God. I thought you
Thank God we had seven straight minutes of a mere talking about financial investments
Yeah, and now that that's only half way done with the first 15 minutes. We still have another half hour to go
Are you just blue by an espresso machine?
You went straight to a wedding and then we're on to like oh, what'd you say a new gig on Tuesday? Oh?
Yeah, what Tuesday? What's that? What?
I can't talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it
I don't want to say a few talk about it, but all I thought yeah
Well, I thought you wanted to connect
Okay, we can talk about my really cool fall outfit that are today. No, yeah, let's do it. Let's start with Kayla. Let's connect
for
Okay, yeah, okay
So I'm wearing a cool fall outfit today. It's misty and starting to feel like fall New York
So that's all I have
Do you like where to rank that seasonally?
Fall number one summer two spring three winter four. Wow spring three
upset allergies babe can't handle it. I see I'm really excited for fall
I need to go to the grocery store after this. I'm going to go to Trader Joe's
Get an array of fall nonsense. It's a hundred and six out. I saw you drinking a hot pumpkin spice latte and a Starbucks parking lot
wedding their shirts off you were so you were the hot one has less calories than the ice blended
Is that true? It's felt
Is that true for real? I think it's I don't know. I don't you know counting calories isn't good for you. No, it's not
Just eat less mindful right right yeah in exercise yeah 10,000 steps. I'm sorry to say
Well, I have a question for everyone. My good Marty we're talking about working out in the office earlier today
and Micah referred to it as getting swollen and then he looked at me and I was laughing at him and
He goes what that's just locker room talk and then Marty was like you can't say those words
Let's discuss that. Can you say those words?
The words locker room talk like the phrase locker room talk is no longer acceptable
Did you get earnestly or was it a trump or a prince in jazz?
It's Micah, so it's like genuine but also he was being a little playful. Yeah, yeah, he was he was going to say like this is how dudes talk
But that he said this is locked locker room talk which is how Trump sort of passed off
Right, yeah salt clean in 20 exactly
Right, with Billy Bush. Yeah, yeah, yeah
I started they maybe you shouldn't say locker room talk, but what if you're talking about a locker room?
I would just say I think even then you can't say that in the locker room or not because oftentimes like
You're in the showers and there's only like scalding or freezing and I'd rather do freezing
Sure
I've started doing this is not really exercise, but it is like bettering my body in some way
Like Ming dynasty era foot binding, but for my hips
Oh
Tell us more. Why have very wide hips?
Everything hips. Yeah, I've birthed in your hips. Yes, and I'm in great shape right now
Best shape. I've been in since high school. I think
Congrats. Thank you, but I still have these wide hips and you can't have the V
With I see hips that honestly look like me's
What so I'll sort of tie a belt around my hips and sort of pull binding the hips to be
Go from like a 30 inch ways to like a 28 inch waist
I feel like you're describing a really that's a course that
Well, that's not like the ribs the navel. Yeah, I don't yeah, I that'll make the problem worse
No, you're right. You're right. I you know what it's hard having an hour glass figure
Yeah, so sorry fucked up
I'm taking a class online and they have a whole hip
Flexibility section that could be helpful in turning like your hips in a little bit. It's called contortion 101
That's good because I
Historically I've opened up my hips for anyone who's asked and so the issue now is that I need to close them up. Yeah, yeah, is that what you put on your field?
I don't know should say historically in any dating bio
Honestly, historically haven't done well
Not so it's the 70s I want to say
Yeah
What Jeff that was fine. It was you got some laughs and move the conversation along Jeff texted me
Fucking helped to bring the funny and now you're texting again. I mean I am. I think I'm doing a fine job
I'm sorry. I'm not being funny in our future. You're grinding you're grinding the show to a halt at every turn
You planned nothing
We're saying normal things
Head in hand to respond it. Yeah
To have to take a break. We have to take a break. Oh my god chicken
Yeah
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys. I use athletic greens every day
All right instead of taking a million different pills and vitamins
I get it all from one morning drink. I've been doing wake up water and
athletic greens espresso maybe in Americano
Unbelievable start to the day
So what is this stuff? Well with one delicious scoop of athletic greens you're absorbing
75 high quality vitamins minerals whole food source superfoods probiotics and adaptogens to help start your day right
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health your nervous system your immune system your energy recovery
Focus and aging all the things
I would describe the taste as kind of sweet. It's a very subtle
Tropical flavor. I would say it's also a lifestyle friendly, right? So whether you eat keto paleo vegan dairy free or gluten free
It's all for you and it contains less than one gram of sugar no GMOs no nasty chemicals or artificial anything
Well still tasting good. It supports better sleep quality in recovery, which I have seen
Sports mental clarity and alertness and it's the one thing with the best things
Athletic greens uses the best of the best products based on the latest science with constant product
Interations and third party testing. I'm pretty sure this stuff has changed even since I started drinking it in December
They're always striving to make it the best it can't be it costs less than three dollars a day and you're investing in your health
And it's cheaper than a cold brew habit
It's also cheaper than getting all the different supplements yourself. I used to get all these different vitamins that are included in that
Out of greens separately and it was hundreds of dollars a month now. It's much less than that
You're investing in an all-in-one nutritional insurance bottom line
So right now it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient
Daily nutrition especially heading back into flu and cold season
It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day. That's it. No need for a million different pills and stuff
To look out for your health and to make it easy. Athletic greens is gonna give you a free one-year supply of immune
Supporting vitamin D and
Five free travel packs with your first purchase all you have to do is visit at letter greens.com slash what's that again?
That's athletic greens.com slash what's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional
Insurance thanks athletic greens
That
Half cat half I think dead right like
The eyes are incredible. She just saw something with your likes
You know what she loves a bird
Yeah, do you ever put on the cat TV for?
She loves it. You know what her favorite cat TV video is
It's a of a little trail in a park and my favorite part of the video is this woman walk spy with some dogs
Every time it gets me
And watch it 60 times
Like it bears you or you're like all
No, I'm just it's more like a marker of time where I'm like. Oh, that's my favorite bird. I guess and then I
I've just fully accommodate my life towards her needs and wants which is fine
Just fine, and it's not bad. It's not even over there. Yeah, it's nice. It's just it just is
Yeah, if you guys had to move right now
What house would you move to?
Like you guys play the field the market
You know it could be could be where you live could not, you know, it doesn't matter ultimately
It's just sort of a fun conversation starter
I would love to live in the practical magic house. Have you seen us?
No
Practical magic or a hallywell manner
From trauma yes, yes, yeah
Like a cool house that has a lot of different
Staircases and meat sugar passageway that would mean well
I want home house where you take a book and then a wall opens
Sure, that's awesome. Like in Casper? Yes
Like that girl
I'm here. What about you?
Throw me inside of Drake's pad and Toronto looks like he has a full indoor basketball court there. That seems pretty
Pretty chill to have like a court with the OVO logo on it and you can bring out
some good
Trainers. I saw lethal shooter was there luck. What's that? What are we looking at there? It looks so cute. I'll talk it into
Manchin or something
Drake's house here is saying yeah, Drake's pad and Toronto the T dot the six
He seems like he's doing pretty well firms. What is that? It's a house in St. Remi, New York
What are these original stairs? Is that New York Kingston? Yeah, it's just south of Kingston
I mean are you kidding me? I'm gonna negotiate to get the rugs included, but I could afford this place today
Didn't just move. Yeah, I was forced to move because my landlord Harry
decided to sell our old place
But you know you can always make an real estate investment somewhere in the place
I'd love to have you. I like that. I really want to move to New York. There's two reasons I haven't that I don't feel comfortable sharing right now
Give us the least private one. The least private one is career anxiety. There's everything I want to do
There's like 80% of the opportunities here versus 20 there
I could probably get you a role in the marketing team if you're interested
I did I am
Well shout-out Theo and Harris, which is my favorite watch podcast if anybody's interested in vintage watches
They're very funny. They're like the funny guys of the watch industry and they treat it a funny guys or are they just one second?
I'll get to your question, but let me say my thing. Let me speak my piece
They have like really good numbers and
How does he compartmentalize that so he's like
You're a fucking loose cannon man
What are you gonna say? Are they funny for real? Are they funny for watch guys?
I would say they're not as funny as like Shelby Wolstein, but they're probably funnier than
Amir
I have to cut that out
They're probably funnier than like you know
Yeah, I don't know
Anyway, they just started a podcast and they're like we don't have any ads this week
But we're gonna we're really trying to get some so I was like, oh gumbo would be perfect for them because I know they have at least 10,000
They probably have more like 50,000 listeners
So I message Dane actually and I was like
You gotta reach out to these fuckers and he said, you know, if you broker this deal you stand to make 10 percent
I would ever
They make and I'm like I have always loved deals. I didn't know this was an option
I'd love to broker just one deal and be a business with Christians around with Michael Christie
I thought you said the name was like Harry and Seth there's some shit. Theo and Harris
Yeah, so what are you talking about? Those aren't their names. That's the company name
That's funny because that's the name of the two kids at babysat for a while
Really
Oh my god, you don't think there's no way
Wait
So where would you guys live let's say I was joking about the house
I just there's a couple of houses living like an app
What place would you move if you had to if you could if you wanted to
If I had to move cities or just houses within the same part of Los Angeles
Let's go cities or in a place like L.A. or New York a drastic neighborhood change
Hmm
I guess if I had unlimited funds out by like a really cool modern mansion in Venice
You're the ocean
Why yeah, that's cool. Yeah, that's cool. It would it would be a little bit
more
Breezy and cool on these hot summer days
You can you know eat at all those fancy restaurants
Sort of create a new eco system for you on the west side
That would be cool. I would I would like to have a little I'm maybe not a mansion
But I could do a little bungalow in Venice like Fiona Appled supposedly has that's cool
That would be cool. Yeah, I'd get into gardening. Yeah, finally
I had a bungalow. I could get into fucking gardening if I had a bungalow
I could skip the line at the bungalow
That's a
Barrettian look at fuck you for that
You know I frequent the bungalow and you're sort of tearing it down like it's this not pretty cool trendy spot
For dudes and hats like I'm want to wear on the weekends
And you don't get into the bungalow because I would talk to the door man and he would prevent you from entering the bungalow
And less of course you had a reservation which case and it's a hard to get a reservation or is it just really a couple
Does it but yeah a few days in the van which is fine?
It's not no skin off their rack right this way but if you show up having not had
Then he's going to show you the door which is the door to get in but he's basically going to say look at the door
You're not getting in here today
I can talk to the hostess
Potentially get you that'd be great. Yes, but be great. Thank you. See if there's any cancellations. There are fortunately for you
Thank you. Yeah, so I didn't know that
Yeah, exactly
The bungalow is an notoriously bad bar on the west side unless Ali likes it in which case
I love no I've actually never been I never every time I was invited I politely declined
It's cool if you want to hang out with like sexual assaulty men and
Other people that don't say anything interesting. I've even been there. Yeah. Yeah, no
No, yes, I've been there several times my ex girlfriend loved it
Kayla
My opinion on the bungalow or where I would live lives. Let's do live and then let's make sure we table and get to your opinion on the
bungalow. Sure
You know, I would do like a cool old house in Salem, Massachusetts or like a little beach bungalow and like
Chattam
Hmm, just in Cape Cod. I love that. Yeah, it's like watch great white sharks and shit like that. Yeah, yeah
My family into the bungalow for the right
My family went on a vacation to Cape Cod when I was little and I really wanted to take a side
Detour to Salem because I thought it was so cool with all and I like wanted to go to the museum
Whatever and I at the time my parents said that we couldn't go because it was too scary
But now I just know they didn't feel like it
Yeah
We could go to that down, but it's pretty scary
Whoa really yeah sure whatever the fuck your service. You don't know we want to stay in Cape Cod
Yeah, what should we have for dinner? Lizonio or I want pizza. Well, it's too scary
What yeah, let's do sandwiches instead something easier is less scary
Exactly, it was like well, all right. I guess it's still scary over there
Where would you want to live, Jeff? Thank you. Oh, you already showed us the fucking house
Yeah, while we were talking you showed us your house the house sucked
We answered the question
Moving on
Please, please, let's see what segments you had planned
This certainly can't be a full waxing episode that that means nothing that means you came here
ill-prepared eight minutes late and promised us grandiose ideas
Let's get one fucking
Dee Dee Dee Dee Dee
did it let's play i don't know
Family
Dude where we have to decide we interviewed 100 Jewish people and the Top 7 answers are on the board
What's your favorite super some shit like that? Let's hear it. Let's get there. We're almost at a time
I'm curious certainly you didn't bring Ali and Kayla here to just fucking wax 40-five minutes
I'm missing a happy hour to do this
Chicken's mad.
It looks like sleepy and the brain.
Fucking.
Make one up on the spot.
Here we go.
Yeah.
Welcome to...
What?
Great dancing in here.
Welcome to Con Stars.
This is like Con Stars, but instead of valuating things that people bring into a store,
or whatever happens on that show.
Allie, if you do what's the oneness of sort of winning the camera of you assume.
Shut up, dude.
Like fucking let it out.
You asked for this segment.
I'm being serious this time.
Like let it read.
Let me fucking speak.
God.
All right.
So it's Allie.
Yeah.
Sorry.
No, I reacted there.
Yeah.
So let's see what's...
This is Con Stars.
So Allie, if you could just point us at different objects in your apartment, we can...
Yeah.
You get it.
No, I don't get it.
What is next?
Oh, we're just going to evaluate them.
Also there's a charge delay on the zoom right now.
Yeah.
I think it's because I screened share photo shop.
Oh, dear.
That's... you need more RAM for sure to handle some processing power like that.
Oh, look at that color coordinated bookshelf.
Very nice.
Oh, yeah.
Here's stuff.
Yeah.
Here's my bookshelf.
This is blue and pink.
Oh, that's very good.
Then we got red orange, yellow and green.
For 250 bucks for the whole set.
All the books.
The books.
My collection for my whole life.
Wow.
Your whole life?
$400.
Yeah.
It was your official, I guess, 250 or 400.
Because you're sort of like spouting out like you're in an auction against yourself.
Let us all...
I'll do a stack.
Here's a thousand bucks.
Fucking bones.
I got it.
I got a book.
I get to the book.
Alice in Wonderland.
But it's one of those fake books that has...
Oh, that's really good.
I'll go haul a couple of...
A couple of dollar bills in it.
Wow.
Oh, wow.
$10.
Fucking clock.
You don't keep that fucking thing on me.
$59.
That's it.
15.
Okay.
I'll give you a rack.
Fine.
I'll give you a fucking band.
That was the book and everything in it.
But I think the $59 deal sounded better.
Right?
It just felt really real.
$5,000 should the book everything in it and your mind
doesn't have any t-shirt.
Deal.
Hmm.
Great.
I'll start over.
Alright.
Let's do this.
This was constar.
Do you have any like expensive soaps?
No.
Do you?
Yeah.
Why?
She likes them.
We've already been through this.
Yeah.
But like, what's the point?
We're just going a little bit.
And then people think that you're good.
That's true.
That is true.
I've never said that you smelled good though.
It seems like you're spending a lot of money.
You're not kidding.
I feel like I said that to you with the off-site.
I thought you smelled nice.
People say that I smelled good all the time.
Okay.
Not minimizing your compliment killer.
No, no, no.
I'm trying to.
I'm reinforcing.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Trying to make sure that you're not.
It's so prolific.
It's just the soap.
It's the soap.
It's my fairer bones.
I'm here.
Has anyone ever told you that you smelled good?
Never.
Yeah.
Because you don't put time and effort in money.
I do often avoid you smell bad.
I'm not a very sweaty guy.
So I don't have a lot of beer.
Although yesterday when we were shooting the videos, it was pretty hot and
musty in that office.
You smelled like absolute.
And I don't really want to.
Like ask.
I probably did.
Have a musky musty stench that day.
Yeah.
That was just for Jeff and Riley to deal with.
You were a.
A Darth of good smells.
That's my word.
Darth.
Darth Vader.
That's good.
I'm good smells.
I'm here.
Well, who?
I'm sorry to do this.
No, you're not.
Is your current partner your the best you've ever had.
I don't know.
The hell is the.
What is your fucking problem?
Look at the joy you get when you're asking me such invasive questions.
Of course the answer is yes.
Asked an answer moving on.
Wow.
That's great.
Yeah.
It is.
I'm sorry.
I put you in that position.
Yeah.
I hear that and I accept it.
But it won't.
Fully mean the most until you stop putting right.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I put you in that position.
Yeah.
I hear that.
And I accept it.
But it won't.
Fully mean the most until you stop putting right.
Yeah.
Jeff.
Can you mirror back to a mirror what he just told you?
It didn't work this time.
Keep trying.
You're hardest.
Okay.
That's an interesting interpretation.
And me or do you feel like he was.
No, he wasn't listening.
What happens that he sort of shuts off as soon as I run.
Anyone gives him like a stern talking point.
Like I guess it goes elsewhere.
And it hopes that nobody will ask him the question that you just asked him, which was repeat back to me what you just said.
Right.
And how does that make you feel in here being in his position?
I feel like Jeff doesn't really give a shit about me or anything really and it creates this kind of negative feedback loop that started to like adversely affect the podcast and our working relationship.
Ali is the witness to this conversation.
How does it make you feel?
I mean, it makes me feel validated to be asked about being a flower on the wall.
I definitely, I can see I see both sides, but ultimately, yeah.
Okay.
Well, Jeff, I think it's a good to acknowledge that a lot of honesty and candor just happened.
And, you know, that could be overwhelming for you.
So I'd love to hear how this makes you feel as well.
I thought those were like breakout rooms. I wasn't listening.
I see.
But that was because I didn't think I was supposed to.
I think this is a really good crystallization of what a mirror was trying to tell you.
That was a microcosm of everything that's wrong with you.
Yeah.
You're so in your own head.
You're so selfish.
The tone of what you're saying sounds really thoughtful and I inspire what you're actually saying the meaning behind that words and the actions is poison.
No, I disagree because at the end of the day, like I ask you guys to be a part of these because I need bodies in the Zoom in the room, right?
And so it could be any one.
But I don't want, I think I feel comfortable speaking for everyone.
You don't want to be thought known for our bodies.
We want to be for our minds.
Yeah.
I'm happy to be thought over both, but that's not the point.
Everyone's feelings here are very valid.
I think it's worth digging into of it.
I feel like maybe I wasn't clear.
I appreciate you guys for coming on the show because they're just, they're has to be three people.
And you were that person.
Okay.
You make us sound like replacement players.
Like it's like you didn't necessarily want any of us to be here.
And that shows in the lack of preparation and the way you're steering this conversation.
I do feel like I'm here just enough to me because I was going to get to the way I think that it wouldn't hurt as much.
Did I interrupt?
I mean, forgive me if I did.
This show would not happen without playing off of you guys, right?
Whether it's a wax episode, whether it's a second episode.
I wouldn't call it a wax episode.
I would call it a non-episode.
An episode without anything is not wax.
wax is something.
And I cannot.
I'm just trying to express my appreciation gratitude to you guys.
It's being received.
Yeah, for, for, for, you know, giving your time.
But again, it could have been anyone at the company.
You know, so I like, you know, you were,
Honestly, I'm here.
You were one of the drags.
I was trying to do an, a Kayla,
Ali English episode.
English wasn't free, right?
So while I appreciate you being here,
I, I can't help but feel like it could have been better.
Wow.
Amir, do you want to mirror back to Jeff?
Will he just sold you?
Yeah, he basically just said that he didn't want me here.
And I accidentally stumbled upon an episode where he gave little
to no shits about what went on during it.
And now that we've reached the end of it,
I think we're all happy that it's nearly over.
But I don't want the lesson to be that like,
this was a good waxing episode.
That's a waxing episode is just a weird way to brand it.
A shit episode, which is nothing.
Okay.
I mean, I see where you're coming from,
but I do think that sometimes people do their best at their worst.
You have to hit rock bottom before you're.
Good.
And do you feel like we're at rock bottom right now, just?
I thought this was a fun episode.
Seconds or not.
I don't know why I'm being raked over the nails.
Being spit roasted.
Because I,
There've been wax episodes that have been bad.
All right.
I mean, the first of just,
There've been wax episodes that have been bad.
All right. I mean, the first of just that.
There've been segment episodes that have been bad.
Sometimes wax episodes turn out to be fine.
Sometimes even, well,
good.
And I think this was somewhere in the middle.
Okay.
Well, thank you so much for sharing that.
I really do feel like we're making some progress.
Yeah.
I agree.
I do wonder, like,
because I feel like we do these emotional,
you know, you know, whatever.
Powwow sometimes, me and a mirror.
I wonder if we should just let it come to blows.
Yeah.
What?
Like take it out against each other physically.
Yeah. Like we have a live show.
We should say on September 22nd,
the headgum happy hour.
Take a link.
Should be in the bio of this or the description.
Oh wow.
And mirror.
You and I scheduled to do some kind of bit up top.
I'm wondering if we just fully duke it out.
Yeah.
I think it might be cathartic.
They're not collapsing or.
I mean, I was thinking gloves,
but if you want, I mean,
the gloves can come off like that.
And I have never lost a fight.
Wow.
A lot of one of us wins in front of everyone else.
I want to be embarrassing for the bloody loser.
I'm not too worried about that.
Yeah.
I'm just might be uncomfortable for everyone who.
Came to see a coffee show.
Well, and you're co-hosting with Danny.
So you'll be baronacle fighting and there's going to be another host.
Yeah.
Not in the fight.
I just, I don't know Danny all that well,
but I feel like he beat kind of into it.
I think he would.
He could provide commentary.
You know, like he had some with a left.
He had some with a right.
A mirror is down.
Down.
Yeah.
Do you know what that stands for?
Don't knock out.
It's interesting that that after so little revealing.
How everybody's feeling that the next step is fight physically.
But you came into this wanting to connect emotionally.
So I'm just sensing maybe something.
I'm just flagging.
I don't know what to do with it.
That's good.
And we can keep that for next week.
I think.
No, because next week.
Like four segments.
Oh, wow.
Can we be on that episode or that sort of?
I think we're old and other.
Yeah.
Why don't you guys come back if we?
Can you guys do that?
I like the idea of con stars.
Con stars.
That's good.
We should do plugs.
I don't want to waste any more of.
Mine, Alley's and Kayla's time.
What do you guys have going on?
I don't want to go first.
Alley.
Sure.
So we have the head going to have your live show.
September 22nd.
I don't need to.
Not a week for him.
And besides that, I guess.
Watch this space next time I come on.
I'll have more going on in my life.
So TVD.
That'd be cool.
Yeah.
Look forward to it.
Gone.
She is well gone.
That's fine.
Probably right.
Yeah.
Well, I worry about him.
It's okay.
Will you go check on him?
He's too far away for me to kill.
Oh, there he's back.
I see.
It's really hot now.
I guess.
You can't hear me.
All right.
There you are.
Let's see.
Follow gumbo.
Follow head gum.
Go by tickets to the 22nd show.
I'll be there.
I'll say hi to me.
Oh, wow.
Kayla.
It's a studio episode.
We got to do it.
Yeah, let's do that.
We go on this for that.
That's really good.
Okay.
Let's do it.
I follow me on Instagram and Twitter.
Kayla, I'm already.
I don't know.
Take Alexa Pro.
If necessary or regardless.
Oh, I feel like everyone could probably use it,
but if necessary.
Fun fact, if your sex drive dies or dies,
unlike the Pro,
it will be a trend.
That's my next step.
If they keep up in my dose.
Yeah.
So.
Anyways, see therapists.
Get on medication.
Love that.
Mm-hmm.
I'm here.
That headgum happy hour is going to be absolutely lit.
Oh, it's so good.
Our own fucking backyard.
Home court advantage.
It's going to be me.
It's going to be Danny.
A whole slew of funny comedians.
Well, fucking see you there.
Please.
TKO is technical knockout.
Not total knockout.
So.
Really?
That's Jeff's first L of the night.
Let's see.
Yeah, everybody stacks up on the day.
He's in over his head a little bit,
so it should be interesting.
Just because you're not comfortable.
I'm seeing.
Is that fair to say?
Um, generally,
but it should be fun to see you.
Try as you might.
Um,
the link again is what headgum.com slash live.
I'm on a set.
Jeffery?
I don't remember.
Is that where the,
or on the description of this episode.
So check it out and we will see you there.
You heard?
Yeah.
No way.
You cannot say that.
Holy shit.
They're already here.
This is a live stream.
At Jeff by already on Twitter.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
We'll see you in this episode.
That's sorry.
Everybody.
That's whack.
That would be better than that stars.
It's sorry, everybody.
That was a headgum original.
Thank you.